Add link to JSON_QUERY function (#17250)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/functions/json.rst

        SELECT json_extract(json, '$.store[book]');
        SELECT json_extract(json, '$.store["book name"]');

>     :ref:`json_query<json_query>` is a more advanced function that supports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The :ref:`json_query<json_query>` provides a more powerful and feature-rich approach to parse and extract JSON data.
```

>     The :ref:`json_query<json_query>` function provides a more powerful and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The :ref:`json_query function <json_query>` provides a more powerful and
```
